Sometimes, I really hate my job.
I don't know how Jason stays so positive.
I asked Jason why he refused the money
and I found out he's one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
My wife is too.
So I know a lot about them.
But what Jason did really surprised me.
I wondered why he didn't feel like he was entitled to the extra money.
He's such a hard worker.
And most of our supervisors accept bribes.
Jason showed me a Bible verse.
Whatever you are doing, work at a whole soul
that's what Jehovah and not for men.
Jason's relationship with God influences every aspect of his life.
Even his attitude toward work,
he couldn't participate in something dishonest.
Even if others do.
I could see that Jason really lived by his beliefs.
Jason invited me to see the construction project he's been volunteering.
I felt like I had entered another world.
People of different races worked alongside each other without prejudice.
And they were all volunteers.
Jason offered to study the Bible with me.
Emma has asked me to study in the past and I've always refused.
But this time I accepted.
I liked my study and even enjoyed going to the Kingdom Hall occasionally.
But I have to work overtime to support my family.
I can't go to meetings every week.
Hey Jason, how do you do it all?
Work, family, medians, even volunteer work.
I tried to keep in mind Jesus' words in Matthew 6 verse 22.
Jesus compared our eyes to a lamp.
He said if our eyes focused, our whole body will be bright.
It's impossible to focus on more than one thing at a time.
Jesus wanted his followers to focus on a single purpose.
That of doing God's will.
Rather than being distracted by material things,
my wife and I lead a simple life, avoiding unnecessary debt
or acquiring possessions that consume a lot of time and attention.
This way of life allows us to have time for what's truly important.
If you asked Emma, which do you think she would prefer?
That you made more money or spent more time with her at the Kingdom Hall?
Jason's example really impressed me.
He was an honest and diligent worker.
But he also kept secular work in its proper place.
It made me think about the choices I make.
And I decided that I too want to work whole soul for Jehovah.